One ipl 17022022 (#5)
SvetlanaPodogova/oneAPI-tab: tab-oneipl/minutes/2022_02_17_Minutes.rst

* Victor Getmanskiy presented the different ways of memory allocation on host
  and device and different types of access and control (see slide 9 for
  details)

* **Ashish Uthama, Mathworks**: What happens at the point of access?
  Is the copy operation performed?

  **Victor Getmanskiy, Intel**: It depends on the allocation and access types:
   * If you have device allocation and memory assess on device -> no copy is
     performed.
   * If you have shared allocator and access for read -> no copy as well, but
     for the write access copy to host would happen after kernel is finished.
   * In image_allocator_t case the memory will be allocated on both host
     and device and access is possible only to write or to read, but not both.
     In case of read no copy to host happen, in case of write copy to host
     would happen after kernel is finished.

* **Ashish Uthama, Mathworks**: Actually is this SYCL limitation? It is not so
  clear: if you have reading only, you do not know if it do the copy or not.
  I prefer the explicit copy operation, so I am wondering if this is
  restriction of SYCL?

  **Victor Getmanskiy, Intel**: For the USM it is possible to implement

>   explicit copy, for Image it is under question. You still can explicitly copy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  explicit copy, for Image it is not controlled (SYCL limitation). You still can explicitly copy
```

  USM memory and create image with device_allocator_t over memory without copy.

>   For Textures it is currently not possible, because of SYCL limitations, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For Images(Textures) creating object over device memory is currently not possible, only construction from host pointer is available, because of SYCL limitations. But
```

  oneMKL open-source are capable to work over context of different devices like
  NVIDIA. I think, in this case memory type will be device and mapping over
  such memory with proper queue would create image over memory without extra
  copy operation.

* In spec ver 0.5 default allocator was implementation-defined.
  For compatibility, in spec ver 0.6 the default allocator is selected as
  shared USM.

oneIPL Domains:

* On the slide 15, the domains in blue are currently described in the oneIPL
  Specification, yellow color is to be considered in the future versions of
  spec.

* Color conversion domain includes conversion functions for the main formats,
  the YUV422 and YUV444 to rgb are considered as a possible future extension.

* The Color conversions Domain API's are presented.

* The Filtering Domain in oneIPL spec ver 0.6 includes Sobel filter with the
  fixed 3x3 kernel size and Gaussian filter. Possible future extension of
  oneIPL spec is considered to include Bilateral, Sobel, Filter Box and Filter
  Median.

* The Transformation Domain includes resize functions with bilinear, bicubic,
  lanczos and supersampling interpolation types and also mirroring. Future

>   extensions are: the Nearest Resize and Warp Affine bilinear functions.

Reviewer 2: it is better to rephrase as "nearest neighbor resize"

Author: fixed, thanks
